Create bundle line program and user files

BCS PROGRAM
1.  Create Program in PLC param editor for this BCS's serial number.
2   Check out the new BCS program version
3.  Copy latest BCS system to your local directory for the new BCS program
4.  Remove unused programs from the configuration
5.  Create the hardware tree
6.  Freeze all hardware firmware versions
7.  Set all hardware configurations to show all info and status items.
8.  Change drive configurations based on motor size
9.  Change BLC X67 block configuration to 4 inputs and 4 outputs
10. Change QCR X67 blocks to counters to 6 ins and 2 outs
11. Change X2X number of stations and baud rate 
12. Create IO Mapping file using PLC param editor. Fix PLC Param editor code if any mistakes in file.
13. Correct all constants in globalconst.var, autoconst.var, machineconst.var and machineautoconst.var
14. Make sure error start/stop indexes match the error file, they should. If not, fix this in the master program
15. Update BCS serial number version history file

CREATE THE USER FOLDER
1.  Import MachineParameter and IO type files into new BCS program and enter correct index bounds.
2.  Create a user folder from the BCS that you copied from
3.  Update the data in the new BCS program using the csv files uyou just created(just data)
4.  Import the errors file
5.  Create new user folder and copy default values into array indexes greater than 1(they will have no data)
6.  Remove any IO or GPs that are not used
7.  Reimport the data. Verify that there are no parameters in the text file that are not in the database(a message box will show this)
8.  Verify that all parameters in the database that are not in the text file should not be in the text file.
9.  Reimport data, this time use 'delete params not in database' option
10. Remake csv files from database
11. Correct digital input module/input number values
12. Correct digital output module/input number values
13. Correct analog input module/input number values
14. Correct analog output module/input number values
15. Correct machine parameter values
16. Change max value column to show no decimal places in gp file
17. Reimport data for all files
18. Add ERRLOG folder to user folder
19. Copy Help files to HELP folder in GMMCO folder

TEST CODE
1.  Create a flash disk for testing
2.  Error check the serial number, # of zones, machine index, type index, line #, and drive #'s using the machine status menu
3.  Check that the correct buttons appear on the Order Entry screen
4.  Check the there is nothing unexpected in the program monitor
5.  Check that all machines show up in the machine setup screen
6.  Check that set up screens cycle through machines without issues

COPY TO SERVER
1.  Create a zp2 image file for the program
2.  Copy user folder ot machines directory
3.  Check in the BCS program(This copies the program to master programs directory)
4.  Finalize and activate the program
5.  Link program to serialized part and copy zp2 file to serialized part folder

added line 1